we're live ladies and gentlemen what's
up it's hilarious seeing the two you
guys together he told me he was your son
first of all he instantly became my
friend and second of all was like what
is it like having John mind you I only
told you cuz he was asking me cuz I go
to the clubs all the time hanging out
and when done you know just kickin it
with friends and he said who's at the
club now bring it in who the funny ones
a bunch of like you know Brandon this
and I said Joe's always there he's got a
bunch of people comes to this show he's
like Joe yeah yeah time I saw you I
think was Caroline's in New York we were
talking I was doing like the 8th and you
were doing a 10 or something like that
oh but it probably one of Thursday oh
you probably did something was happening
we're going it close to each other's
long yeah maybe
maybe 15 years ago yeah oh yeah okay
I've been there in a while I work
I've been New York in a while I stopped
going New York Caroline's a weird one
done Caroline it's like touristy all
tours and foreigners right in Times
Square right yeah yeah yeah it doesn't
feel like you're doing stand-up in New
York feels feels weird
oh yeah it feels like what people want
New York to be but they're from
somewhere else
yeah good percentage of them are wanna
Malo great great club oh yeah it's just
you know it's different than the cellar
or you know Dangerfield's is my favorite
Joey Diaz was just down there and he
said he did Dangerfield's like five six
nights I never did Dangerfield nobody
does Dangerfield know it's half full all
the time it's amazing that they still
around
yeah they're still around somebody's got
to be selling coke all the time to keep
that place like that but the name alone
bro probably brings people in but it's
an iconic place man yeah New York I say
I've been back to saying Letterman gone
I don't go do his show anymore I haven't
been to Caroline's in their mouth
years four years but you do a lot of
clubs we were talking about another 40
40 some clubs Wow you know what he clubs
a year you know my agents come to my
house in January and they tell me all
the time I got that year they tell you
what date we go over we go over every
one all right June 15th is you gonna be
in so y'all make the money we gonna get
yeah okay let's go that's a goal so we
do 47 club as a man is it too much work
but 52 weeks in a year yeah that's crazy
I gotta have some time off what about me
yeah worry about this money but when you
have time off all you do is complain
about not being on the road complaining
about people telling me what to eat what
to drink oh my goodness
yeah man you keep the wolf off your back
that's right
so I give him yet I give me a little
tease the real problem is that travel
though that's all it is too much air
travel over and over and over again and
then we were freaking out about eight
thirty sevens and you were explaining to
us that yeah mostly they use them in
overseas and some South African
countries they when they ending in Asian
country they use them well they had like
two planes that just get lost right one
from pilot Lex Friedman is a software
engineer and uh he specializes in AI is
a professor at MIT and he was explaining
to me basically the software glitch was
making it nosedive yeah yeah yeah that's
not that's not something I would want to
hear huh need to get my seat well you if
you're a software engineer you have to
you would have to up the pilot or
copilot to let them know like hey
someone has to obviously they all know
what they're doing in the cockpit but
does someone know what to do if the
computers going down it's a really good
question do they have any training in
how to reboot computers or is there a
bypass or a workaround for the computers
in Lex does artificial intelligence
that's mostly what he does he works on
like cars autonomous cars and planes and
stuff and he was talking about as these
things get more and more updated he just
glitches happened it happens all the
time with your phone right you get a new
bug and Twitter just crash on you all
the time and they release an update but
if you're on a fucking plane you what
are you doing yeah and how do you react
what's it Wow you'd have to go through a
flight simulation and scary there's a
bug in the plane here we go run over all
that software before they put it on a
plane
you know they had um the plane that
crashed flows the last plane crash that
was where in Africa I don't know it was
to ensure that one was was one Russia no
no see yeah no I think it was in Africa
anyway those pilots are trained to the
hand they to the hilt they train those
pilots but they don't know themselves
some of the guys who's training to
people it's what the heck's going on it
was a pilot that was off work that was
on the plane just before this plane
crash same plane they had trouble before
and he came out of his seat and went up
to the cockpit and cockpit and and saved
the plane looking down the aisle
watching that guy walk into them ya know
you'll see no one day protect that uh
they put the food cart in front of the
yeah yeah heart-stopping anybody now but
then they got a bolt on the door
yeah those all those doors the other car
but the pilot is in the bathroom taking
a boo-boo yeah they don't have their own
pilots bathroom they blocked the area
full cart there see I've seen that mini
tab that's a weird movie don't you have
like a dedicated thing for it why is the
food cart yeah the thing you don't you
have like a should have a gate
leap that right they should have another
door just like they got on the cockpit
yeah they should have like some like a
like you know they do all those metal
gates in front doors windows click clamp
it down well they knew that didn't work
out they had to riot in 66 and they tow
all them down oh the gates
I was watching them guide you to the
little bit that fucking flew open
yeah what could you have someone from
bum-rush in the cockpit those flight
attendants are not gonna stop oh no
he'll well they should probably prepare
planes with a flight attendant who has
training like that in the future like a
female or male that's too much money too
much money too much money to it security
the pilot is locked in the bathroom the
other pilot and the stewardess is locked
in the in the booth when it was flat a
plane so you ain't getting in there
anyway I guess yeah unless when the
party come at the bathroom well then
he's not when he open the door but they
got other guys the stewardess gotta come
out he gotta go in it's too complicated
now getting to people this sitting now
I'm gonna know what's happening you
ain't gonna jump up I also let it burn
that'sthat's chaos on a plane if you
start seeing all that that you're
talking about Wow don't you think
turbulence is chaos I was on a plane
once - who's almost got into a fight
lady stop serving them one guy was Paul
was putting his luggage in a spot above
another dudes head and the guy said
that's for my stuff and he said no
whoever gets there first is the one who
gets it he's like bullshit he's like
grabbing his I'm sorry sir take that
crap buddy eat that I was a crazy tough
guy huh one tough I didn't know I went
um oh the plane is full now yeah he one
seat next to me open he gonna put his
stuff up get my stuff trying to find my
my earphones
put yourself up there before you just
come in there's a place for you above my
head I'm in my bag you don't think
that's mine yeah yeah because you were
going through your bag to fight this
stuff up people just look for an
opportunity to be a dick yeah I think
planes are the closest that people get
to walking that emulates road rage we
have a line yes it's the closest thing
like when people get up and they get up
too soon and then like they're pushing
forward already you're like come on yeah
yeah everybody get up in the line some
people like not push through yeah I was
at the gas station just now and uh you
know how they have the big oil tankers
they have to bring the gas to the gas
station they were blocking they were
blocking in where people needed to go to
park and the guy who was uh there was
telling me that some lady was just there
and she was mad at him because he pulled
in a few minutes after she parked to get
gas in her car and he was saying that uh
she was like you're blocking me and he's
like lady I got me they're gonna block
you in or I'm blocking the street I
can't block the full street with all the
traffic and then by the time she was
ready to go she finally was like nudging
her way out of the gas station and the
guy was trying to help her and she's
like don't help me I don't need your
help all right and she's like and he
said I'm sorry is gonna be a minute
she's like I don't got a minute and then
I asked I was like what kind of car is
he driving he was like he was like a
Range Rover new a new Ranger I'm like oh
she's got plenty of one guy put his seat
back before the plane took off you know
you put me get comfortable here to see
some crazy hey buddy hey you cannot put
your seat back before the plane get up
in the air gets wise on dude somebody's
like I got the back of the chair on some
occasion but I've been doing this for 20
30 years
I don't give a fuck what you've been
doing you cannot do it today passengers
to passengers that's what was one
passenger plane cop yeah cop yeah
there's a there's videos of that all the
time though I remember I saw one UH one
of them out here leaving like coming
into or leaving Burbank and it was like
two guys who either the plane just
landed or that you were just about to
take off
got into a full fistfight over I mind
you as a Southwest flight over a seat
that didn't belong anyone you know
because over there that Airport they're
probably going from Burbank to Vegas and
they dude it was like hey I'm taking a
seat no no that's mine and then next
thing you know it's it's a it's a fight
in between the aisle it is crazy that
they serve you booze on the plane you
can get drunk at the airport
the alcohol is a drug and that drug is
everywhere this client is lying it's a
hundred percent so toe jam and bringing
any alcohol to security know them in the
house the kid we gonna use alcohol yeah
it's hilarious and they're poor that
stuff brother didn't get my dick they
all know me on the plane so they give me
a bottle to go this the witness will
wrap it up in a towel like I'm gonna
sneak out here with this big-ass bottle
may I get it you know you know they
don't want like liquid bombs or some
shit they don't want you bringing some
oh yeah right I got it
oh yeah it's true I wish that wasn't
something you ever had to think about
but if it happens once every few years
it's enough that you gotta think about
it yeah and you know I had you can't
help ounces three ounces liquid in your
bag so I had a three ounce bottle of my
expensive cologne but I use half of it I
ain't got no three hours I got I got one
and a half now is we're gonna take the
whole thing I'm taking $150 just come
home did you spray it on yourself before
getting on one more pump I spray this
everybody else - hey that was that
wasn't him but a series about there yeah
some dudes still rock Cologne alone
heavy like it I know I get it from
Bergdorf Goodman I get this stuff see I
grew up it was a lot of pimps around the
neighborhood and they wore the best
Cologne
them dudes was job or they happy happy
shiny and hit them say like this so when
I got old that's what I would do I get
the Cologne
smacking yourself with it
yes pimps used to crack me up but it
would be so sharp yeah shoes be so shiny
and they get that Cologne I've never
smelled me talk to me I'm broke I got
about three cents in my pocket and holes
on the bottom of my shoes and then pills
I felt yeah you gonna be all right one
day yes hang out you know keep doing
what you don't keep doing what you doing
oh boy give see pimps up hoes down yeah
yeah yeah the doctor not even a real
life oh yeah it is up it isn't some
clowns they like clowns who get together
and they s what they do
that's what that's where you live nice
beer and twelve Street you know what
you're wondering you do you know black
bottom they called my place called black
bottom Hastings Street all pimps and
hoes they animal hats on and they didn't
have back then they didn't have
high-heeled shoes on you know Detroit
was booming right oh yeah Detroit fell
off quicker than any city in the Western
world yeah in terms of like it was with
the richest city in the world the light
of the the car the Motor City yeah
because the people the factories closed
yeah and then in factories closed people
had put their money into the house too
car factory money yeah I get that long
so you thought you got that you've been
here 15 years you've got a good record
you got a good face table they give you
a car and give you an ax and a home but
when that's like a fail boy time people
oh my god what am I gonna do what am I
gonna do what caused it do you know I
mean obviously I move manufacturing
moving to Mexico and other than all that
stuff yes all that stuff people have
better than everybody before themselves
yeah but Motors forward before them
sales but a lot of companies are still
there it's just the but like a lot of
car companies you know I forward R in
general not like it used to be GM right
yeah but they're in a much more limited
role but it's image
like the the what like the base or kind
of like the warehouse and maybe they
move that too maybe they're you know
that show Top Gear yeah they do a new
show called the Grand Tour they do it on
Amazon and they did one episode where
they went to Detroit and they were in
Detroit they bought a house for like two
grand
oh yeah you get a whole house $2,000
that fucking the whole house like a
house house that's great like you could
live in it like yeah oh yeah wasn't a
bad house we need some work there shorty
everybody move but nobody there
everybody's gone it was the the when we
were there when we drove through was
like the amount of giant warehouses that
are completely empty with all the
shattered windows it's very depressing
it's real it's very weird it's coming
back now well yes so like I was there
two months ago my brother had died I
went to his funeral
and we've drove around back and found my
grandfather's house they told that shit
you know they had somebody burned it
down some stuff like that
I mean it was it was just like any other
city to me it's coming back for sure
but it's also like you know there's a
lot of young businesses are starting up
and yeah craft businesses and you know
even there's enough people around people
have ingenuity they figure out a way
it's just not gonna be what it used to
be yeah been and it's a whole new
ballgame now it's already it is a new
ballgame new people these people are
young my son wasn't him Alex Alex is how
old is he 23 23 he love Detroit he never
seen this me downtown Detroit on
Saturday night warm hot night people
walking around is beautiful women
walking around here know it my son went
crazy we don't we don't go there and
you're from there we don't we just don't
go to where his family's from a lot so
yeah that's one of those things with you
guys so you got relatives neither does
Alex and me that's what Alex was more
inclined excited his nieces oh my god
they loved him mm-hmm and they uh they
walked around
I'm going back to the hotel I'll be
getting too much harassment so I'm going
back to the hotel I hope I told the
driver take me back they can jump out
you can pick them up later and they've
got a ride so they got back to the hotel
about two three hours later but I was
sleeping by the hmm well but Detroit is
nice when I was there I'm telling you
man Detroit it was nice yeah I did the
Fox Theater and it's so old that they
have these pillars in the wall that are
not stained from cigarettes you know
like oh no darkish orangish stain just
from nicotine beautiful a beautiful
theater yeah beautiful yeah yeah yeah
replace one of the pillars we had one
pillar that was clean and then the other
pillars you go wow that's cigarette
smoking yeah really see it everybody
saying there franksen not you again yeah
see everybody get this signature all
over the place oh really
yeah oh yeah I put my put my seen it
down by 20 times I've been about eight
times it's a great place
Watson temptations down here oh wow
temptations Frankie Lymon and the
teenagers but beautiful beautiful police
all the other plays torn down the
Olympia Stadium where they used to play
and scene in a piston used to play
basketball there they are they tore that
place now I saw Elvis presently their
Elvis Presley oh look here and that's
all Elvis I always wanted to go to see
the Kronk gym but I think they tore that
down I use a basketball that cranks gym
really you see used to be used to be a
basketball court there then they tore it
might've torn it down now but they had
they built boxing rings around it so all
the box will be play ball they've got
boxing around that we went up there one
day with my shoes what the hell happened
they then closed the doors and
everything turning to turn into boxing
not like make great boxers was Tommy
Hearns and then people came out sure
Lennox Lewis
many managed Stewart was a head coach
there before it so he died yeah that
wasn't a amazing gym but it was white
one of those places is a few places or
you want to go like when you're in LA
you want to go to a wild-card
you just want you to say you've been
there I want to go to the cage where you
are you coming the time
we'll tell me knock the crap let me know
anytime you want to go spicy California
yeah look through this screen like this
we get you pretty close you got the fuck
out really serious about that have you
ever gone to one of them live no no
never no yeah let's hook that up so what
do you feel is about the fight almost
set up a tripod in front of them oh my
god just react or something oh yeah I
love it when they do look they know
their background they do hmm piece on
the background
whooping whooping oh he tell me whatever
whenever I flip your ass I want your
wife to come over clean my house I'm
like I wanted I wanted to come and cook
me a meal she cook anything I wanted to
cook me this guy was Brazilian the guy
that punk he's evolved man come on man
you know let's play and let's fight and
you ain't gotta talk about my wife and
stuff man you don't tell me what to do
this Italian or something like this
Chael Sonnen is his name there's a week
Brazilian is Anderson Silva oh yeah yeah
yeah he's Oh know what guys oh he's
about 43 right Anderson Anderson's 40
chill might be a little older than that
yeah yeah Anderson's greatest
middleweight of all time yeah are you
talked about the one where his ankle
snapped you talked about that one Thomas
he's talking about kicking them and his
foot come quick and that's and it tolls
hidden among
never seen nothing like this oh and it's
like dead what did I did fell asleep I
think you're thinking of a different
fight now
Oh thinking of Vitor yeah that's the
that's the front kick to the face one
that's like a legendary kick the other
one who's Chael Sonnen the Chael Sonnen
one he kicked him and he dropped him
then he need him to the body and took
him out with punches unbelievable like
this he can work dead foot how do you
feel about your son's impression of you
it's really good he doesn't think it
sounds like him at all he doesn't it's
yeah you know something well here I only
know it because this is how you talks to
me all the time he'll just be like mmm
JB know what you would you what you do
in a day you got work you go sit back
and talk to all them people you'd be
perfect for ASMR we should just make
that type of it's not like him him just
breathing at the airport coming from I
think I was in st. Louis or something
like that and so I'm behind his lady
anybody Lambeth two three people in
front of her and I'm behind her so I'm
back then we make him a little noise she
was like oh oh Latino woman Spanish
woman and she looked back and she went
back back to looking for with ninfea I
said she said you make a lot of noise
you make a lot of noise sir remember
making any noise that's you do when you
got in the car today you got in the car
you
I got express myself its noises and the
noises and questions those are those are
it like the moment you get in the car
Najeeb you see what happen how how far
we gotta go to get to joke yeah mmm
we're driving 30 miles an hour he's like
think you going go fast don't you think
going a little quick on it on the
freeway I'm like worth more on the
freeways 60 mile I'm going slow right
now
but now his what his voice is just like
one of many I've come across because I
do voice over and all that stuff so it's
one of those things where I'm lucky
enough to have that one in my back
pocket because sometimes I'll throw it
out there and people that be like I
don't know how people do it
John Witherspoon presents interesting
that's it yeah we practice on it
yeah man with it it's gotta be nice
though seeing him get into show business
getting the stand up I came from Lemke's
so I hope you be successful I'm gonna
try my best to be successful he's too
busy counting his coins to worry about
you're on your own good luck cute but I
mean he's you know he's supportive but
he's one of those guys were cuz I didn't
want to do entertainment at all when I
was younger I wanted I want to do art
and when I was drawing I used to go to
college and then I didn't have to turn
art into a career so one of my friends
like why don't you try acting you're
always wasting time in class making us
laugh and I was like oh that's
interesting idea so I started like doing
commercial acts and won that but uh I
have friends who are comics like I don't
usually bring up he's my dad like it's
something that just randomly happens
usually like and when that comes across
they're like oh that's crazy so you got
like a well of information in the sense
of being a good comic and writing and
this and they're like not that I don't
but it's just asking him questions about
stuff like that is the funniest stuff
cuz he's just been like like you just
said it's very flat out and just kind of
like yeah yeah JD uh be funny how much
more can you tell a guy though really
yeah just yeah you just got to get your
own yeah people ask me do you go to the
clubs and
so help him right he doesn't I featured
for him and he doesn't watch my set like
I just go up and I do my I do my time
and not coming to the cream room I'm
like hey you ready to go and he's like
oh yeah didi uh they sounded like they
were laughing so sound like you did
pointers or anything huh you ever give
him any pointers a tips metabee funny
I'm the one on the opposite spectrum
giving him tips about like how he can
how he can leverage like his you know
his notoriety in this day and age on the
internet that's my thing so it's one of
those things were like if I have a
question about stand up I'll ask but he
doesn't you know yeah you should
definitely have a very active social
media yeah I helped him right so see um
good yeah who's on me all the time
here's the thing literally creating his
social media was just a fluke cuz one
day like five or six or seven years ago
someone trended that he passed away and
because of that we had to create social
media for him so when that happened he's
calling me and I'm getting calls from
random people who know him and also my
cousin's like I family call me crying
like oh okay here's everything okay and
he called me he's like didi you gotta
help me uh some some wrong on the
internet he's calling me so we created
him a Twitter that day and then through
Twitter I told him I'm like well just
tell people you're around and we tweeted
out like hey y'all this is the real John
Witherspoon bla bla bla don't listen to
those phonies making up them rumors
because it was it was worldwide trending
or whatever like hashtag r.i.p pops or
something and then off of that is
twitter gained like 25k and of like an
hour and then later on down the road he
got into Instagram kind of randomly
where he just uh he had an Instagram
didn't really post and then I think
you did you did just a random thing
where he was raining yeah I talked to I
talked to Megan and and what's the name
oh he was me he was making like a joke
about like Bill Cosby and whatnot and he
was like being a mess around with him
that does stuff bill and whatever but
other social media platforms randomly
found it reposted it and now he's like
he went from like 6k to like 120 but
well let's try to keep in the loop it's
a great way to avoid doing morning radio
you don't like doing I give it I got to
get up Friday morning I get to as I get
the Kansas City at 10 o'clock that night
Thursday tomorrow night and then I had
to get a Friday morning I don't know the
time or anything like that yet but I
probably do three or four radio station
yeah so I'm talking about we did we
ticketed they drive you and you so
sleepy yeah yeah I go getting over here
then take a nap later and then what kind
of wrecked when the first show is you
got to do to show yeah so it's it it
it's not fun and I'm you know I'm
slowing down but if you build up your
social media you can cut that part of it
out early you know so you have like
relationships some of those radio
stations where you like them oh yeah I
want to come in and do it that's cool if
you want to do it but to have to do it
you have to do it is have to do it it's
not for your sleep it's just it's not
good for your brain you can host like a
story or like on like 90 or if you go
post an Instagram video saying like hey
I'm gonna be here this weekend yeah you
get you don't have to do that get up in
the morning stuff but they want to see
me yeah these radio DJs right doesn't
want to see pops
they want to see pops oh man let you
coming in needed some money that's why
I'm a comic um what we're gonna tack on
some I need money definitely explain
that cuz I did have a question when I
first started doing stand-up and I was
like hey Dad
from from a motivational standpoint say
dad what got you understand it what is
it that like motivated you to want to do
it he looked at me and say motivate me
I was broke because I was broken someone
told me I was funny so I went to
California and got on stage and I just
started making dollars that was like so
then what are you doing here you don't
even like this I mean it's a Monday you
know just love to make people laugh to
you when you let out that money sometime
sometimes on the way home see if I had a
good week so some of them clubs pay a
lot of damn money he paid over $37,000
for six weeks six nights for every four
six chosen a weekend and I don't count
the money but I've when I do
one-nighters you know they have to pay
you half of the money up front and
getting give you money just before you
go onstage
so I've some I might have fourteen
fifteen thousand dollars in my pocket
brother I be on the plane feeling that
feeling that money tall glasses these
are his passions these are his passion
prized all the bake up a miracle check
out my account four o'clock in the
morning a punch in my thing punching is
you have your balance is good we just
get to the bank of America app you save
the phone call through the motion
you like to hear your name what's your
social security number you put your
balance is I was broke when I was coming
up man starts huh where'd you start
doing stand-up back in Detroit in
Detroit yeah I was my brother used to go
to acting class on Thursday and his
wife's eye that's pretty cool I should
try to be an actor so I got in the
Yellow Pages they had to be elevated a
don't have now though yeah guys go
through they phone and get the number
but they had the Yellow Pages I want the
young patient went to a acting class
private acting
and I've called a guy he said 25 hours
hour
come on over and I'm down we can get
started so this teacher at John
Benkelman acting classes put in a comedy
show once once a year and you see I want
you to be on the show outside own about
no comedy you some of you this is a very
lucrative business you can make a lot of
money really stole the show
whoa wait a minute that's funny
Simon missed oldish I just do
impressions of Nike and cold Johnny
Mathis and it was a boy Joe Cocker and
all that stuff Oh Oh Mick Jagger ice -
Mick Jagger go go for the show
I'm bounced across the stage like Joe
Cocker boy it was so funny and I got a
standing ovation and I said way back at
pride make somebody doing this really
was money money was your number one
motivation when you broke money is
luxury where did you start out in LA
what clubs did you start out here oh I
drove from Detroit to LA I moved to New
York I moved to New York 671 97 when I
was about 30 years old 29 30 and I went
the media could be a fashion model I was
a mom Detroit really in fashion
commercials I worked at Cadillac motor
car and and my job was plating bumpers
these big fucking bumpers and so the
bumpers I believe the money's I'm
picking this up of course you know you
use not using Trillium and you losing
endorphins and everything else you got
in your body the kid can't put this big
bump on this fucking line to it to keep
going and get into it
plating pitch so I have now the pumper
going down and I had about three minutes
I look at this magazine I saw a guy
stand next to a car side but better not
do damn
I went to the I went to the Yellow Pages
again and got me a call to the acting
lady called the a I'm mopping schools
they so shook up on in they gave me a
job that weekend I thought I was hot so
I went to New York them do look ten
times better need some weight that's you
a model
I'm the midget model so I can do this
I'm yeah I got the hell out of it I went
back to your head went to New York I
went down you stayed in your three years
back to LA I'm a bit like a Detroit got
a car drove into LA by myself and when
you went to LA you want to do stand-up
yeah I went to do acting in and stand up
cut did Molly know where did you start
out doing stand-up here at the
Communists over store I was first with
Mitzi Wow I was never admits he first
started Sammy had the place
Sammy admits it breaking up Mitzi
Sammy you see Sammy run on the road
Sammy was a big t was a big time comic
he working for swing Sinatra with Dean
Martin ala the opening for them Mitzi
needed somebody I needed a place so I'm
I got a job and she gave me a job as an
MC that Dave Adamo MC the first shot MC
the second show he they had no money
then either he had a wife he had a red
truck and a dog named Bob that's the
only thing he came in LA with I just had
this blue I had this blue mustang I
bought about a hundred fifty to drive to
LA he honey fifty dollar car dual tail
all the way to LA Wow you know I was
determined to get out there get me some
money every 200 miles to feel the car
backed up at all and transmission fluid
every 200 ma every 200 miles I bet that
night many lights you see in the
headlights on the car I've got a
different got my stick I had a stick
with me and put you head of the funnel
put that all in that car looking around
you know be
uh-huh
and get to California no actually with
your mom's biggest person fuck you got
stuck I got stuck in yeah he told me a
bit what happened
blew his money tell me try to keep this
thing in front of that
oh here yeah man tell me my friend he
rich boy he said look just gonna go to
Las Vegas first see what the comics are
doing then you go to LA then you know
what they're doing and I don't think
that's the comics they work Las Vegas
all the time I like that old ass joke
Jewish joke they playing they telling
but Gabe Kaplan this old funny big kid
he was I wish all my tests but I teach
all these paid in half an hour I mean
half Li half of 30 days to stay there so
I paid up my rent for 30 days and I went
that night got my new my navy suit on
and sharp as I can be boy get modeling
clothes you know man standing around you
know have big ol afro man I lost every
time I had it that fuckin Horseshoe
Casino I was I would back home cryin now
I don't know what the hell I'm gonna do
right here I then drove two and a half
days across the country so I I call
people in Detroit I get some money but
you know when you call you Britt always
weighed about know many people don't
answer the phone they don't know ain't
got no money click so I got some more
bar money from some of my friends and
they had to stay there for six months
till I got enough money go to LA well
you said that then you tell me that you
hit you did one of the salato machines
and it hit with like three grand or
something I had a hundred and fifty
dollars and fi so down arose see what I
would do I would go at night and during
the weekend during the week I mean you
didn't go to the front of the casinos
then the guy and the front they say I'm
a kamikaze what's in the back here and
watch some the comic and I'm gone they
say that you do that you succeed every
day anybody nobody's sitting there got
2,000 seats in those places all night
there
so I had a dollar and a half left I saw
down a row she had a great show so I'm
out way outs i'ma play this fucking
money I just just be broke my check is
coming from the unemployment it'll be
here another day or two I can go without
food for a day better put some down here
I put that money in the machine it rung
up I think it was 7000 really oh shit
now what have I done
the guy came well he said just got on
job just hold on sir I just got here you
have struck the jackpot today yes Oh
jackpot
ah hey he came in pump just put the
money dollars in my hand it was like a
miracle it was like like Moses came down
to hand me some money or something there
was so damn money felt so good I went
home and packed my stuff I had about two
more days on my rent I got in that car I
got me some gas a job you know how to
have it in Vegas they got to the island
in the middle of the street drove over
that damn thing going back going the
other opposite direction I said hell
with this I'm and when you go over
island combs come out dust come out old
combs old stuff come on dusty all nobody
I drove all the way from 3 o'clock in
the morning woke I got worn away over
time will that drove all the way back to
LA oh man and my friend let me stay at
her house for about a month
kandi she was good friend of mine yeah
she let me do that cause that was that
was amazing see there's in Beverly Hills
from from from apartment Motel I mean no
money eating a potato the worst I so now
I know it's had me to get some money I'm
eating a baked potato
a white potato down listen with the
white potato and some old bread and some
syrup and I say I could get the fuck out
of here it's not good for the kid I come
out here with big plans that's her house
I got a job at Gucci and I go into the
comic store may I just if you didn't go
to Vegas would you have even got stuck
no that's a six month that's a six month
waiting game that you had to play
because you could lost money on a horse
a purpose counting airplanes coming in
and taking off cause you can see them
from my door you see the plane coming
till the Karen I think the name military
do the plane terminal they come in you
see them take off that's all I did all
day long a plane coming here as well
plane taking off playing coming in plane
taking off stuck stuck in Las Vegas I
learned I deserve my money so people
tell you love money yes I deserve every
dime but I will do it the shits oh my
god that car lasted for another four or
five years really 65 Mustang that's a
great car this is a great car regular
gas I got me some new tires I got told
you I got me some new tires a case of
oil and a case and I got it I never got
I got an old color TV and a bucket of
Kentucky Fried Chicken back then when
you trying to get up on a store how'd
the auditions go what do they do
no you know you have to go through the
pot look you had to go through that yeah
oh yes oh say Mike yes the same thing
there but what that man accommodate the
clothing about lemak like I said no
comics that go on anymore
how many comics were there oh it must
have been about 10 15 really and
witnesses huh what years this 74 shows
about the beginning their own Arizona's
Mitzi Mitzi just started I was there in
the beginning she she she liked me give
me cheese Johnny come out here and work
the door you can do anything you want my
side
a job it's you so I hustled the door
Mitsy she said y'all better watch Johnny
he can make some money at that damn door
what I would do
how was it econ maitre d is I'm pretty
common yeah maitre d so I will put a
reserve signs and the front seats up
there Missouri for the owners
grandmother Missouri for the mothers
granted Missy's father and so now the
main movement I mean the main room and
the other room be crowded pack people I
said we sold out sir he said what did
the tables up there for I said that's
due on his grandmother be here soon
these were $500 urban SE that's right
now so I would make I would make I were
making two loops two three hundred a
night sometimes five hundred thousand
just at the door Missy did she had me go
emcee and all this well you said five
hundred thousand five no it wasn't it
cut it okay that's that pictures her
that's that's when she was younger
though yeah there's a photo that was
from the comedy store they're sitting
around the back room and yeah Taylor
boss that's when I yeah that's why I um
that's what I knew her when she was like
that she was that's the pictures right
there yeah that's the picture he used
she was a smart lady sure was let me
tell you some brother she was a whip she
was she had her ways yeah she was she
was definitely eccentric but she's yeah
one of the most important people ever in
comedy comedy and people don't realize
that yeah people don't realize Mitzi was
the shits
she and the party was crazy I run around
a little baby no party says is a baby I
know I'm all Mitzi Mitzi hey man you
gotta come back we don't have nobody to
work the door I get up and go over there
so I'm at the door I got 8 o'clock show
you know 8 o'clock so I'm emceeing and
working the door and everything and I'm
hosting the room and all that so I'm up
there on stage
put the you've got a little broke to put
across the door and close the curtain
and you know people come up in the
original room they come up the steps
there you know there isn't room mm-hmm
yeah so she's in the booth taking money
taking pictures taking money and get
selling tickets
she and I the only one there working and
upend the bars back in the back so a
Mitzi I'm gonna stay my ba ba ba ba ba
buh buh buh buh got ten people in the
moon so so she just Chloe and I get them
and get there give me the cover and you
go ahead put the road back so now I'm
about I got 15 minutes she said about
three minutes four minutes into my
Johnny they're people that line come
nothing leather man you cannot do it
more no more material come on Johnny
that's admit see I'm trying to finish my
egg Johnny come on I won't get this
before they turn around and go oh god
that was a funny she sees the funny lady
she's a funny lady let me tell you she
was hot
she was tough it was tough she told me
you stick with me I'll make you a rich
man I said mister I come here to be a
comic I can't be long bitch man I'm
coming to be a comic but she's too much
trouble too much eccentric say eccentric
too eccentric I didn't want to hang
around too long argued steal their ideas
man see he's Argus is still there he's
there last night yeah no I'm not gonna
see him I see him all determine if when
I go back down when I go once a year so
but I see York I like people tell he's
talented
his genius but he didn't he didn't want
to lead a comic store hmm
he's got a radio station downstairs he
told me they have a podcast
what's a podcast yeah they have a
podcast studio you're nuts yeah yeah
yeah yeah
but mitzi ever know I miss you imitate a
new heard in 1974 when I went over there
and I noticed when I got on when I got
on open mic night for people who want to
try to become on the regular show Mitsy
used to love impressionist see the lot
of people who could do voices and I just
realized that after about three weeks of
being there trying to be funny I'm doing
old Redd Foxx jokes fun and then this
the horse race was gone and
and got you it was random my dick the
horse names my dick fucking Rick Fox
used to be he would come back he would
be so fucking funny so then the person
come and sing she loved people are
saying Tina Turner women is Hank Tina
Turner
she put two or three of them right
behind each other they stood the same
song Jesus that's a Miss but she loved
the women because you know the women all
I've got the same impressions but she
put a two or three up on the same show
Wow same impressions yes I went to test
out doing the president because I did a
man Detroit on the shoulder with Nat
King Cole name she's all Johnny this is
so wonderful I want you to work Friday
night she put me on early he put me on
some nice times and but but she wanted
me to stay with her on that door and
emceeing help her out let me close the
door close the place one day I shouldn't
be responsible what is well she's always
had comics work there yeah all the
beginning all the time when I wanted to
where I wanted to work there Motum
comics living in her house upstairs up
there and presto yeah yeah they lived in
the only Hill there she bought all the
property around there mm-hmm
yeah Mitzi oh so much healing so much
money when she died oh my god the house
I bought it with this house this house
did you know the house you had up on the
hill there crest Hill yeah yes wooden
house me that's the one where all the
other comics lived in it right no no no
dad comment leave behind a comment still
up to heal his we get about three or
four oh yeah she owned by three or four
I want to have a party over there the
fucking party was fabulous and they do
got the house all dirty you know they'd
see why didn't try to make the bed
covers throwing on top of the bed you
know just throwing nothing
talk dear Mountain miss healing all that
back I've been there yeah I almost
bought that crest Hill House yo yeah it
was for sale back in the day I went to
look at it but I had a dog and I was
pretty sure he's not he was gonna get
out of that yard had a crazy dog
it's the one right behind the store
right I think I think we have it I think
Holly's get the one that's up into the
right okay it's got one driveway he owns
it I think yeah I saw him I saw him the
other night at the at the store in the
parking lot and he was he was telling me
like how yeah you used to watch them all
oh my god I want to run to the wall and
stuff in your fucking child with
Kennison yeah oh yeah I I told David
Letterman a thesis won't anybody new at
The Comedy Store that's real funny as a
man you guys see this crazy do name Sam
Kinison and so he said we have him mom
have him send me the tape or something
to give us a call on the show I said
debut gonna love him man Simon on that
show and Dave just fell on the floor
Sam was so funny and Sam Sammy Isis a
McDavid let him I want to see you only
show he's old really on his first time
he ever got on TV Wow
and he was so I always been my friend
Sam Sam can always so I used to worry
Mitzi after a while she would get these
young Kester like David Letterman to be
the emcee of the first show so I worked
at the 12 o'clock show all the crazy
people on the show me Paul Mooney Sam
Kinison of all what's the boy named he
taught me he'd do Elvis and he did Andy
Kaufman Andy Kaufman I remember
introducing him I introduced all of them
no see they come to me and tell me what
it want me that it was me to introduce
them you know right Jesse ain't can't go
in 10 man let me show you it was your
crazy land crazy lady with the with the
with the pigs
yeah used to bring dolls onstage and
punched him know
- about like like remember the only the
Bear Smokey the Bear only you could
prevent it pull out the bear only you
could prevent forest fires
fuck he would go nuts always like really
good crazy expression we are just an
unbelievably funny guy like a naturally
funny guy it was an East Coast legend
nowhere yeah he's one of those guys then
he got I think it is lady broke up or
something and they got a divorce so she
moved out as I'm oh my god and it was
crazy there boy he bears and all that
shit that he would beat up did you know
Bob woods Bob was another legend another
like East Coast League East Coast big
giant guy he he was like a Long Island
legend so he didn't play think he ever
made it out oh he didn't make it out I
don't know there's a few time if he
would stay I'm hanging Bob woods yeah oh
god II know him yeah he was a Long
Island legend really yeah is like back
in those days like long there was like
he was a legend in Long Island around
the same time like those Boston guys
like they were all big time in Boston
back then a Boston guy they were tough
they don't have a club there in them now
while they have laughs Boston they do
local headliners and they have Knicks
comedy style and the Lapp bosses does
guys that tour there go there too but I
mean they they still have some like good
local talent and then they do like the
Wilbur but it used to be there was like
like a gloves I don't see too fucking
close people really that's what I like
oh come in late they come in late and
they trying to get to the front when he
got to see that name take 30 minutes
couple with somebody jump over the
divider come I filmed my last special at
the world at the Wilbur yeah I loved it
I like they put up in Chicopee oh that
place way out there
yeah about our and ahead got driver our
at hand depending uh and the club at the
what it's them alright the other here
they call it the what other club used to
be was named a club in and over so we
think enough knows right there at the
mall you know well the stories and
things o Fanueil Hall venue home
yeah the comedy connection friend it's
gone yeah that's gone it's been gone
that was amazing yeah hold my for five
hundred was a big place yeah and you go
you dual show there and then drive all
over the Chicopee hour and a half then I
with a head bang do another show on
Friday
oh damn you go out did Chicopee it's a
Hawaiian Chinese Hawaiian the restaurant
yeah and H I give you enough to last a
whole month what you eat then they try
to give you left to take with you up
it's a go box to go puck just bulging
with food yeah they gotta get rollin and
the food was excellent
yeah it's gone I'm told is it gone the
kids the kids didn't want to stay there
I think that's what it was the mother
and father died it was all the kids they
want to keep running a drum yeah
beautiful play Nanette near Hartford
Connecticut Hartford Chicopee is in she
could be chicopee's Massachusetts
Western Massachusetts but the old one of
days boy he long guys flight but I love
the fact that the airport was ten
minutes from the hotel get you and get
you out you mean get out there was a lot
of clubs back then oh it's nice it's
interesting there's more comics now than
ever I don't know there's more clubs
doesn't seem that I got a lot of a lot
of clubs around but they only book they
don't have they don't have joke case
night like you have 1520 comics they
don't have that they had three comics
and that's all they have yeah so they
make their money it's a whole different
ball game there's like independent shows
now that's that's how it is nowadays
like the club sir
it's pretty kind of the same there's
some new clubs but you know I hear I
hear like a most clubs on the road like
they're not like the ones out here or in
New York you don't get a chance to
really showcase you have to either
already be somebody or look in January
yeah
be on your way type of thing yeah I've
been booked what Kenzie and I've been
I've been booked January second or third
in Kansas City when is it when is it
next this week is 21st December Jim I
mean joannabee what Friday Saturday some
of this weekend yeah yeah Saturday six
months on this map Jesus Christ
since my solid uh-huh I'm gonna book in
this club six months ago I'm all year
for this year I got I got dates I wish I
brought my stuff
updates that I know I'm gonna do it in
December 12th to the 15th I think I
might be an Arlington Texas but I know
that you don't get me Chris Smith and
them but a more 10% but they booked your
way and you want to get to club you can
get that they have they have you booked
your but you've been bit on my book book
book book book too much do you still
enjoy the shows though no you know fans
may or may not watch or listen to this
right you're they're performing yeah
whenever whenever I does whenever I've
done shows with him at the moment cuz
you know I'll hang out cuz after every
show he'll try to sell merch and take
pictures but uh as soon as he gets in
the greenroom he's like hey G do you see
how hard I work you see this you see all
this I'm doing right you don't know
nothin about this hard work like okay no
five six weeks in a row that's what I
hate I'm on I'm on my second of five
weeks it's a second second week now so I
gotta go next weekend I go to Hartford
Connecticut Hartford Springfield that's
why you you actually flying to that then
I go to Memphis so a you said you hate
- just stop paper the only time the only
time I've ever seen him do anything
outside cuz he's old-school so it's one
of those things where he's so used to
like you know he's so you see he got his
agents and managers and he's so used to
someone giving him work so that's one of
things where I'm you know on the road
you're given the spot to give clubs and
I was like what do you like doing cuz
you asked that earlier and like the one
thing that we've made between like him
doing comedy and now is we created a
YouTube channel for him where he does
like a cooking show
right so he has he has his own YouTube
channel cuz I do YouTube and all this
stuff I do like gaming videos and a
bunch of other random stuff sketches and
vlogs but he was like whoa he's like I
guess I got a little time off we can do
something brand he's like maybe we can
do this cooking idea guy and I said sure
let's do it we create the channel we
make it and it's called cooking for poor
people poor people because when you're
hungry everything tastes good yes and
his channel is dijon a bunch of crap
bunch of crap but he get chicken feed
and rice chicken chicken we did chicken
feet pig feet oxtail what does chicken
feet like he tried to feed it to our dog
and our dog ran away from him so that's
like a cliff yeah and then I recommend
wine I have wine tall glass of mad dog
20/20 with the chicken chicken feet and
Thunderbird Thunderbird one everyone
yeah Cisco well Mad Dog 2020 some
Mexican salad yeah hanging out in the
front with the bottle did bring it down
here and hide it behind the crate then
they bring it up in here that's on there
yeah need to go back somewhere yeah yeah
I helped them reduce and create helped
them work on this thing
but you know again it gets good you
didn't you're gonna pick fever then in
shelli's do my shit away I can't believe
shit through the whole pig feet away oh
I like the kitchen too yeah that's old
school whose kitchen is that it's it
says house we have we bought the house
next to us alright I got the house next
to me and I told a whole Finch now guess
house kitchen and we'll get on okay
that's a perfect kitchen full show on
cooking yeah it's tight and old-school
it reminds you of like growing up yeah
and it works well you know we we put
well I think we may maybe twelve fifteen
of these things but people watch them
it's just one of the things he works on
the road side whenever free time comes
around we used to sit back and knock him
out and try to shoot him and I would
edit them and whatnot but now I'm busy
so he has an editor so but you know I
try to help him market it when it's like
finished I'm like all right posted on
the social platforms get it out there
and whatnot and about a comedy special
I've done that you think about doing one
now I did one I pay for it myself but 15
found out stomach horrible how long ago
was this the film I did about four years
ago did you release it no I got oh
you're talking about that one I thought
you're talking about the one that's
already done and out there no that's
called you got a coordinating yeah that
one was from Showtime and then 81 you
didn't release it because he didn't like
your stomach much dummy but you didn't
you you also didn't get anybody to
finish like editing it right that was a
finish it's finished what's your friend
named it does animation stuff Gabe Gabe
see the artwork
oh that's random I didn't know you Finn
I thought you you always shelf that cuz
you watched it and you didn't like the
way it came out and then you never
finished editing and posts
DOMA came out you better take that right
now take that right now and sell that
bad boy look at it I hate to see myself
my stomach B once you get somebody else
to look at I'm gonna do that one and it
never makes any sense
I hate Joe don't get him we have wine
the baby oh oh my eyes a bunch of liquor
on that bunch of whiskey just gonna
shame himself later in the mirror
there's a leave but you don't want to
lose weight right you know who wants to
lose it while drinking out yeah you get
or take it in increments do it break
dude I take I get about a day drink a
whole bottle of day you can't you get
together with Ron white dude he drinks
his own tequila oh yeah last night he
was in the back bar yeah yeah he drink
too much
no that should get him fucked up on
stage I see him up there he he can act
like he's not drunk that love of the
drunk is he can be Ron White goes hard
yeah yeah he goes he goes hard he goes
hard every fucking night as week two
yeah that's tough that's tough yeah and
it's working out I think I drink white
wine Chardonnay Oh
like didn't I think of like Kevin a
saving yours hmm nice spread yeah you
know but you did get another win Indian
maybe one more
get the bottle and pulled up to your
mouth and drink you this week and then
put it away go to be it then ain't till
the next day till the next bottle
another sweet there's some evidence and
wines good for you bad for it a little
bit too low two glasses of wine a date
for longevity and yeah there you go how
much wine is in the glass how big the
glass man you get you ready to go to
work you could go back I'm in no rush
I'd say something if I had somewhere to
be dad good for you you step it up it
always comes full circle
no I host this show always like this
always oh no people nope I got friends
who asked me so your dad just that's who
he is or dad does is that a character
I'm like oh no no he got on for being
himself yeah I told him that I was like
you know you left you right he's like
what you mean like you are you're where
you are cuz you are who you are you you
don't have to fake it you do yeah you
funny enough you've definitely yourself
be yourself yeah I'm on the cartoon what
did the boondocks mmm uh-huh they didn't
change my voice for the balloon no I did
all I did and they coming back up a
balloon I was coming back that's a great
show yeah I wanted the best cartoon I
met the dude who created he was friends
of my friend Todd yeah smart dude yeah
Jesus
yeah that's another one that you're on
that you had like that he like fell into
that's the funny part cuz because
remember what the thing is I went in for
that show to play one of the one of the
leads or whatever it didn't happen but I
remember cuz he's you know he's friends
with Aaron and whatnot Aaron just called
him in to do a like a one day roll
remember we need your character to to
just do the pilot
I tried man I don't feel like doing oh
Jesus I'm a homeless man so some bad I
got into I thought it was cool yeah you
want the job as yours good so he went in
to do like a like a guest star role and
then they were like dang he's funnier
than than what we were thinking so we so
they gave him a role that he was the
series right you did three seasons we
you did too did a third one that it
hasn't aired yet and I use see what I
did Hollywood shuffle I hate I played a
man who had lost everything he was
hungry so I'm sitting out there and
Robert Townsend didn't have any money
for wardrobe so I went at the
second-hand store good wheeled and
bought coveralls and old shirt and I had
a t-shirt that I tore and put a pen to
put it back up so that was I thought
that was clever so this happened 20
years ago I kept that outfit in my
garage for 20 years and I used it on
black Jesus same thing I wore no
Hollywood shuffle shuffle
was it hokey what's the name Hollywood
shuffle that's do you yeah but then they
said yes so then they took so then he
wore it they they did their thing and
then they were like well this thing
stinks so we'll just recreate it for you
they did everything over it got the same
outfit that I had my little wine there
okay
whatever happened at Robert Townsend why
is he up to he's he's a director now
just directing different movies not a
different movie and commercials and
things he's do stand-up - oh yeah we
just on tour with him we worked all the
big polices I remember his specials yeah
he always had those HBO comedy special
yeah oh yeah and Wayans did um yeah yeah
did him yeah Robert Townes he's telling
rhyme I saw a picture no my phone I
don't know how I don't know it's
probably a new jacket he does that at
home he'll say hey I don't live with it
I'm growing I'm married and I said I
live on my own my wife he'll call me and
say JD you've seen my my camera I move
my camera and I don't know where it is I
was like I don't live with you you know
and my brother who lives with him still
so it's one of those things I'm like
what do I ask Alex he's around or
someone who's maybe is at the house more
off he's like not feel like you might be
the one who do might know buddy
cuz I've seen you around here I know you
come around come take my base take your
stuff I get know my cameras I buy camera
and put it over there cuz I know where
that goes over there I come back in over
there I have no idea where that now
because I put it over that's cuz you and
Mom and Alex and whoever else what roams
through the house we'll move things
around all the time I don't there I'm
not there to move things but I know what
I know where I put things in and then
when I come back is not there but but
the thing is why do you call me when I'm
never there mom will take his stuff mom
will go shoot her little her stuff cuz
she like produces those little
independent movies so she'll when she
grabs your cameras that's where they
moved to but did you feel pressure doing
stand-up because this is you know
actually I didn't want to do it never
really cuz I got into acting and I
thought that was far enough I was like
I'm my dad or does that I don't want to
I don't want to jump into the rest of
that stuff and it acting was just kind
of like on a whim and then stand-up was
like a dare a friend of mine was like we
should because we back in the day not
too long ago maybe early 2011 or 12 it's
not back in the day but me and my boys
were hanging out one night in our 20s
and we just went we had come from a club
and we drove past the Laugh Factory and
I was like I was like you guys want to
watch comedy Kyle and I was like 24 or
something I was like I used to know that
I was like the owner knows me from when
I was a baby if he's there maybe you see
yeah yeah Jamie Masada but when I watch
your baby that's and that's introduction
to it every time I'm there whatever I'm
in was whenever
shows that's his introduction for me
he'll be like maybe like hey buddy I
want you to meet John Johnny Witherspoon
son I used to carry him when he was baby
but uh we bring him on stage yeah we
went there we went there randomly one
night and we went there randomly one
night and I remember the door guy I was
like hey is Jamie here and he's like
Jamie who like as if I didn't know him I
was back of that I was like uh you know
the owner and he's like tell him
JD Witherspoon's here I didn't think
anything I don't use my name like that
but then he like comes down he's like
buddy what are you doing here this and
that you're doing comedy I'm like no no
me and my friends just we just wanna
watch a show he's like yeah come come in
let's get him get him a bottle of wine
all that stuff and we're just hanging
out but then later like you know through
the night he was talking he was like he
was like so you're trying to do comedy
like your dad I was like oh good I don't
wanna I don't care to do that I'm fine
and my friends were with me it's like
come on he's like he's like you should
try it he's probably funny maybe even
funnier than him buddy and I and I was
like I don't know but then later on that
same week he was like if you ever want
to come by he said swing by through the
open mic or whatever and my boy Henry
whatever yeah Henry Henry was like hey
we should do that man that'd be kind of
funny you know maybe we be comedians I
was like nah I don't think so and then
one night we just said I think I think I
had someone's email from the Laugh
Factory and hit him up it was like hey
me and my buddy gonna come by maybe we
can do the mic and then they're like
yeah sure well throw you up this net and
my buddy Henry he's the one who pressure
me into it we practiced our jokes on
camera at home to see how that would
look it was the weirdest thing it's so
weird we because I was I was like
getting into like creating content and I
was going to film school and I was
making like my YouTube videos I was
doing like sketch comedy on YouTube and
then I like we shot like a little thing
we watched it back I was like I guess
and then we went to the mic that night
and we went I did it I was at the back
end of the the lineup so I actually had
a decent crowd it was like cuz you know
it starts off there's nobody there it's
just comics and then by the time it was
my turn it was like close to the 8
o'clock show so it was like 35 40 people
I had 3
for my 3-minute set clean and I did it
and they did all right they let people
laughed and I was like I'll cast cool
random you know and I didn't think much
of it Henry Bob yeah nobody but it was
just one of those things where after
that no the camp the camera cameras over
there you could if you gotta go but ya
know so we win a trip well that's all
fun I got a bit about how when you just
get old you just don't care you just
don't care about what you say he doesn't
give a fuck no not at all but also like
that's part of who he is like yeah as
part of his business is not giving a
fuck yeah pretty much yeah that that's I
mean he's he's the funniest dude I
personally know that's that's how that's
how I categorize it you know
oh that's it's I would think that like
if that was my dad I would feel a lot of
pressure
I think it's pressure if i from the
beginning always wanted to stand up you
know kind of like a Michael Jordan thing
I never like it was it was all a
majority of the stuff I do now is very
like just happenstance it's like oh I
just fell into this and I'm gonna at it
so I'll just keep doing it why not you
know comes to things like YouTube and
like I know you do unboxing videos and
getting really yeah yeah you can kind of
do that now if you're a if you're an
interesting person
ya don't really need much no no
definitely not the internet no if dad
came along today
you just didn't exist and all suddenly
exist didn't have this giant body of
work and you just put a camera on your
day like this is my dad your dad can be
fuckin for ya know oh yeah if he was
like a guy it works at the post office
he's a regular guy
film this guy proposed oh you were
telling your friends like my dad is the
funniest fucking guy alive and then you
put a camera on him he would blow up
yeah yeah it's it's it's interesting and
whatnot I never really think of because
people always ask me when I was growing
up they'd be like how is it that your
dad how do you feel I used to get the
whole time the kids would be your dad's
whoever blah blah blah famous this Neph
Friday the Wayans brothers and I'm just
like yeah but you know to me he's just
my dad like he's just he's just
goofball normal like to you guy I get it
to you guys you see somebody who's an
entertainer and what now I'm like he's
just he's always like that
how fun is he shoved his special because
it isn't like oh he does funnier stuff
he does weirder stuff I find that
special and get it out oh I mean we
could post it it's definitely or I could
sell it and nowadays he can hit up me
I'm sure his people can hit up Netflix
like we have a we have a body of work
yeah people would watch it that's the
thing yeah play you talked him into
doing a new special gotta get this
something you got I'll have to talk him
into coming back here and hitting the
gym he does but he the thing the main
thing is the the consumption you know
it's you all right let's cut back on
drinking and then continue exercise and
you'll see the change I thought I tried
to tell him do a drink every other day
dude he's interested now it doesn't does
it sounds like he's 100% interested in
drinking orange oranges and joy he's
100% enjoying debt money and drinking my
wine drinking Bob Wow
yeah that's time he's back near man but
uh they live in his life and join it
yeah but that's that's how I got into
comedy and then I just kept doing it in
my friend was like yeah and I'm good I
would say I'd started in 2012 but I I
want to say I haven't I didn't continue
in the beginning so consistently I did
like Mike's for the first two years and
then I started getting booked on shows
and then I kind of got lazy it was one
of those things where everything I was
doing
like I would weigh my options if
something was more of an opportunity I
would do that over trying to get better
at stand-up but now I've been consistent
for like 3 years 3 to 4 years just like
grinding at it because I've made strides
doing things and acting and and and
creating content on the internet so now
I kind of have I guess a little bit of a
cushion to just go and get good now you
know because I've been working so it
you're doing other stuff yeah I don't
have to totally rely well it's it's one
of those things where because I don't
have to rely on it it's that much more
it's that much more something I want to
approach I'm like oh well now I can like
have fun I don't feel pressured
not with
anything about that but more like I
don't feel pressure to get book get book
get on again you know get a special this
money I just feel like oh I can just
take time and get good now you were
around when Pryor was in his heyday oh
yeah that must have been something oh
yeah we uh so you were you were just
kind of that was then in 74 when you
were just getting there prior with that
was he was oh he was already he was in
the peak right big time
oh yeah you know big time and uh what
was that like it was he would uh you
know when I was around a communist or I
was basically the host of the commies
when I MCS you know and I go to the door
if they have a problem I go to the door
and settle the problem all this stuff
just missing one she knew I'd do all the
stuff in it and wasn't no fighting and
I'm just being polite and stuff and
Richard would come in and look at the
back a bit surprised in the back don't
originally Don
he knew Paul Mooney Mooney was and David
banks all these in it anytime you got
all these guys in the comedy store rich
you want to do another elbow so what
happened is Richard first time I saw
Richard in the bag I said bitch are you
doing spoon I just come by to see how
you're doing I said fine I'm doing it he
never come out see how I'm doing he's
just saying this to to set it up for he
wanna work on his act listen for new
album so I submitted everything fine you
want a drink no no smoke I'll be finally
one of those days no no just come by and
see how you doing how you doing bit
above about so imma go I know to go away
and come back and submit you anything
you want to drink they want to drink now
see laundry he'd get up some of the red
drink he like wake all that cheery and
stuff and so I know to go away I go away
and they told me in Richie gonna drive
you crazy made you come back we're just
gonna drive you crazy so I I go away
come back rich everything a fan you know
anything else you wanted someone go
station no I don't wanna go yes come on
I say oh yeah we can play with you hey
are you doing Bahamas spooning real loud
shit and so when I go away in come back
to rich do two minutes some people said
Richard Pryor came by the cop so he said
sure I go up then do to me
he said when am I going I see it going
on right up this guy get off you I put
you on right now and he clipped into two
and a two hours then he'll send he'll
call here have his secretary called me
the next day said thanks for helping me
get on stage helping me girls day he
knew he had to be pushed on stage not so
weird yeah that's amazing in it but
Robin Williams me run eight Richard
would do like two hours without a round
a half hour regular thing huh who is
album you know he got yeah then he had
his writers in the bank morning would
bet they're writing them give him
coaching him on stuff to say you know
that stuff he had all that and then he
would have of three weeks in the
original room what he worked every night
he'd come every night Wow
it didn't like some kind of you know get
to hide he can't come back he'll be
better every night and so miss he put me
on the show with him so I would open
this show into 45 minutes and their
bitch would come up to I wouldn't have
hmm
and then we moved to the main room after
about three of about a month in the
original room we moved to the main room
that's one man and he would draw so miss
way makes so much money he would draw so
many fucking people all holes ain't been
out on the street fur collars first coat
of fake fur coat on pink and yellow and
shit he would have in the main room he
would have oh my god he had Mick Jagger
what's her name - born it uh it was his
name Willie Nelson I had I thought would
lead us to go up on the stage and sing a
song and there isn't a room really yeah
he's really got you you good talk yeah I
got it that's good you cook this sing a
song I love Willie Nelson he was so good
he's still around them maybe I'm scared
to do it I'm so nervous
fucking people he went insane one his
son boy that was that wasn't that was of
thrill for me so can we move to the main
but I but I would kill every night in
the oil is like that I'll get a standing
ovation because I would do Mathis they
learned from Detroit
and knocking : him I would do Johnny
Mathis at my last bit and I would do L
green just before that and I end it and
I was I saw Al Green throw roses out to
the ladies one time I would that yeah
this theater now anyway he would throw
roses he handles it to the ladies so I
when I was working at The Comedy Store
and I'm in front of it I would get down
the lines and handed from the ladies and
then lump-sum lady did exactly what I
wanted to say she said Al Green give us
roses I said but you lucky
these ain't plastic cause I ain't got no
damn money I've a home and watch me so I
can get back to you and what I did that
doing dingy Johnny math this is just
impressions and I add it to my act cause
there lotta ladies out there they love
that shit and I got it the women through
the Roses back at my feet I said damn
this shit is cool in a motherfucker and
Richard told me as a Richard everybody
said bitches you should take spooling on
the road with you you going on the tour
he said I love you spooning but you too
funny angle I can't have you out there
on the road with me he said I was too
funny for him
Wow and he took of finest you know
finest hit the shore the finest would do
impressive this did he write all
impressions so he took him on a road he
told you you were too funny spun you too
funny I love you but you too damn funny
you opened for me I don't want me were
had to work that damn hard that was a
great compliment but I have the the
billboard of The Comedy Store and
Richard Bryan John with a spoon Wow I
hate my phone yeah you think mom posted
it and then I think I repost I helped
you repost it on your IG story and then
the Comedy Store
screenshot is it and posted it yeah they
did that they did that like a month or
two ago his own TV show you know he's on
NBC at 8 o'clock and he was something hi
boy
I knew we were gonna last that's it we
only get four show they were scared of
22 richer was too fucking high
and man what was he high on cocaine and
I bought good stuff you know but I
didn't have no money yeah I probably got
me something if I had some money
I'm making this look before the dollars
for the dollars that they give me for
this week he said yo y'all ain't making
the money but I'm making $250,000 show's
over damn Wow he's making that much yeah
Richard Pryor and John Witherspoon Wow
it was getting yeah wish I had the year
up there probably 70 that's amazing 77
but I know Richard we score his house
every Sunday please be with us every
Sunday and and he had he had a barbecue
people look you got a Jim boxing gym
where you bounce tennis court swimming
pool he heads for about four acres over
there and I realize it
where was its own party Nia yeah house
there was for sale recently for about
four million but I don't think people
realize they're bitches probably living
in they don't wanna do that call D be
caught on fire over there whoa
maybe the time you get caught yeah yeah
he knows that house it was in the house
there yeah fuck I would love to own that
that's not like Northridge or something
part thing yeah yeah it's it's on par
teen and we juice is red nama Street
don't feel yeah yeah we're over every
Sunday imagine owning Richard Pryor's
old house gotta cool that spirit may hit
me up you know the he came Danes must
have been crazy there oh man
and what's amazing about this is so cold
boy when stuff got on radio that Richard
Pryor is in hospital in critical
condition
he burned from burns from a pipe that
blew up his family went there and stole
all of his his people that he probably
never seen in seen in years
jumped over that damn you had his huge
fence and stole all his watches and
everything
all this stuff take it out of his house
then they say he's gonna survive they
jump back over the fence and put it back
no what they jump back over the fence
with his stuff they put it back yeah
they put it back name's Richard Pryor
gonna steal his stuff you even borrow
from him for but 20 years now I was
saying you gonna steal his watch
that's crazy yeah we had so much fun
over there and Sammy Davis jr. would
come there every Sunday on the limousine
and a tuxedo on Yeley
we got shorts on you know you raggedy
shorts you can find old t-shirt we
playing basketball
Sammy come at the high mine hi Sammy
put some fucking shorts are you gonna
see back then Sammy
yeah oh I bet he weaved this was 76 so
he must have been while he was young in
because he dad about 61 62 63 he must
have been in his 50s forties or fifties
tuxedo tuxedo and illumise me imagine me
in the wall but Sammy Davis jr. pulls up
in a tuxedo
oh man of a limousine we all said it
wasn't only basketball we also fucking
uh we also fucking raggedy stink and we
didn't play ball Sammy wrong house wrong
dude come on take some ball with us semi
but we look at the bell-bottoms oh yeah
Wow bitch to play tennis Danny yeah you
play tennis yeah and basketball we
playing ball bitches he checking me and
grabbing my dick
yeah uh funny man so when you were
around when Kinnison came by when he
first oh yeah I first started working
there that was yeah he was a big shift
right that was a no one had seen
anything anybody like him before
oh no even since yeah he was a very
Souls one dude what's so funny one time
he he he bought some Chinese food put a
hat on his head put a long coat on and
some big sunglasses and ate it in front
of this chain Korean store just standing
the one he's outside standing I'm gonna
do what I did
Oh fucking Sam why was he doing that
crazy yeah the same thing on the stage
at the comedy store he would be up there
with his sunglasses on and he would have
Chinese food Korean food and he sit
there and eat and tell some jokes and
he'd go back to eat on stage at the
minim in the original room that's fine
I've seen him crazy I've seen some crazy
people and there isn't a ruin by the
name of David funny what a Comedy Store
has a lot of history oh my Mitzi Mitzi
let him do it
yeah Mitzi was so nice to people she was
brilliant imitation she knew to let the
comedian's run the place
she was smart jump around yeah but that
feeling of misfit toy you know what
she's I try to tell her - Mitzi give the
comics $5 to buy some eggs and bacon on
the way home she didn't want to do that
very nothing this is common this is
their college Missy anybody pay to get
in here you better go and get these
people thing on you're gonna bigger mess
up your room and then when she went to a
big stink with the right to run many of
the strike big stink and then you had
some people that were you can tell some
people crazy what's the name jumped off
the roof of it of the Joe high house
what was his name
I know his name I knew the key ice
introduced some other time
shit I don't have a name it now but
submit you just give him something DN
also they think that there they've done
something since they most time drove out
here and and they all want to something
we want to like they succeeded something
she's paying us she's paying us for
fucked for eggs but she didn't want to
do it yep now I don't know how much they
get today how much you get I'm not a
regular so you get paid it get a
percentage of what the the take is for
the doors the in the main room
so what you do if the main room sold out
you can make money Sam 95 bucks yeah I
think it for 500 dollars in the in the
main and the main rooms Commissioner
money yeah
but for guys like us it's more important
as a place to exercise it's like oh yeah
I did two shows there last night I
should love the work the UH and yeah
with Richard Pryor boy what a wonderful
the audience's on every note everything
you say they're right there
Oh imagine oh they must have realized
too because before when you think about
like real giant famous comedians before
prior this like yeah tiny handful oh
yeah nobody like him so he was just one
of one yeah then I remember a red fox
used to come through there yeah I get me
a double look Abbasi and a coke ain't
shit I bought it and I was at a gas
station stop one day you know in the
little stores and add cassette tapes of
Richard Pryor performing live at red
foxes club red fox at a club they just
had a recorder and he's just fucking
around
oh yeah until he's ranting and raving oh
yeah he's just laughing and talking shit
onstage like it's not prepared material
half of it it was amazing what a
carriage a red fog that boy he wouldn't
pay his taxes so the government came
down one night when he all the people in
the room just took everything everything
which his house took everything they
took a ring off his finger
they took his shoes they took hello
never my chicken raw
to cook in the oven and so he they shut
him down his place he had I think so not
cynical somewhere it was in LA in LA so
he crying uh he called Sammy Davis he
called Sammy called Frank Sinatra named
Jamie took everything I own I worked so
hard to be Who I am I've named um not
just Texas ain't that bad that they took
everything
so Frank Sinatra and Sammy Davis jr. and
some others if other friends went to his
club and were two or three weeks every
night two shows sold them out to get
enough money to pay get his taxes and
get his club back he was so happy -
everybody's oh my god I won't thank you
for doing with this for me
oh please just take my dick my mate my
hug they me just hug you hugging
everybody so they all went only separate
ways with Fox still in peace fucking
Texas Oh lean on the dais you sumbitch
you do day wake up franksen afternoon
we're not coming back now see well pea
Texas again he pay no taxes was this
before after Sanford and Son
there's before and I don't think yeah
you gotta pay him I got I had tax
problem right we had a apartment
building in Beverly Hills oh it doesn't
Beverly Hills I said boy I'm doing good
I just ride my car past dancing mmm
that's my place and that's where the
taxes got bad if something happened to
me and they took that fucking place I
had to sell it I mean take it I had to
sell it I hate that meat today I hate
that you hit all their money you missed
on shit Oh what just a rat pants and
look at the place and and and and book
him some lady called we had them first
person to clean up the place on the tab
see a manager of the hotel and so my
wife without their watering the grass
she called the police I called him and
said there's a black lady out here
watering the grass and we don't
recognize her
and somebody who was a tenant or you
talked about the man yes in it called
the manager and he said was probably the
owner it was Angela I did thanks funny I
just go back to and sit because they had
the washing machine and dryer outside in
the back and you knew the parking lot so
it was it was outside but it was
enclosed I said that there boy it would
be so quiet back there as a boy just
beat Detroit them dog chasing my ass
down the street this this is much better
I got a pocketful of money I got
pocketful of money they got my ass out
that down please you need to you need to
make a podcast call it the pocketful of
money have you thought about doing balls
that's what we're doing right you can't
he's in he's in a different realm job
but you could sell out everywhere if you
did that somebody - oh I don't want it -
comical about anyway compliment them I
don't have job with those theatres if
I'm on it they don't pay enough money
you mean sound loud I go up then do I
mean all you have to do for a podcast
yeah just do whatever you want you could
do like you could do it every time
you're on a plane and this is talking
your phone
were you talking about time you doing
with the podcast at a theater eat on the
podcast as much time as you want
I was in the theater and I'm doing a
park ed you gotta sit a theme edition no
no you're not in it see I knew I knew he
crossed it I was like what
no no he's saying he's saying can you
sell out theaters by yourself that's
what he has - okay so we established
that you sell out clubs but then he was
saying if you were doing a podcast kind
of like what we're doing right now
that's what this is you could as you you
know build up the podcast you could be
promoting it and recording it you
wouldn't have to do it in theatre you do
it that come for the own home you do yes
like this yeah and then you you become
popular sure I mean you've got
popularity behind you so I'm sure people
want to hear it a hundred percent yeah
just into this you're gonna want to hear
it yeah I have a I have a podcast with
Paul me and meme above all we have a
book all the JD and Paul cast it's just
me and my buddy and we talk like video
games and video games technology
what-have-you current events and also
like movie will do a little mini movie
reviews on it kind of setups you have to
have like a tenant microphone I'm like a
I'm like a tech do so I have everything
I my office at my house is a it's like
decked out with a bunch of stuff I
brought him over there recently to help
me get him to do videos with me just
because it's like they're funny and I
don't care and like let's just make
something random cuz the other day we
played Mortal Kombat and I had him I had
him react to the fatalities so I was
like that's a funny video my dad reacts
to Mortal Kombat fatalities and
literally were watching it literally
he's just like oh man look at her head
go left and right know this so that's on
my gaming channel which is runs a tea
run on YouTube that's the two series for
me but like our podcast but we've also
we've also had and play VR sorry because
he wanted to play VR Robo he's like yeah
she know the virtual reality you try to
so we did the one with the shark attack
this one wasn't even a game it was just
like a tutorial like you just put it on
and lived through the thing and there's
like a deep ocean dive and he was
tripping out okay it's like yeah the
sharks in his face and he's screaming
about he's like he's like and mind you
there was a point in the video where
he's he's not talking but he's shaking
and I thought some bad was that I
thought so what's happening I'm like dad
are you good he was trying to he was
like trying to kick and or strangled
which was very impressive man he was
like he was like you like this and I'm
like dad good and he just yells out at
the shark he's like Shelley was dead in
the cage the cage take you down all you
yeah I then bought him a PlayStation 4
to play the game at his house and I
don't know what happened in that stuff
your son took it my brother took it kiss
my brother because my brother uses it
for Netflix he just watches the play
there we go yeah he's buggin and that's
me and my brother we're going we're like
dying laughing about it oh my god oh my
god this is the show yeah now the show
is you and him we we I mean we I try to
create stuff with him all the time just
cuz it's random and funny back in the
day I probably didn't do it because
people it's one of those things where it
was a huge deal but ----video title----
Jamie for people my dad freaks out
playing it's on it's on my channel which
is YouTube's run JD what is the name of
the channel you do it once a week get
together with your dad just go pick them
up grab them make it really easy bring
it in please you do show with him once a
week yeah that's it I might have to do
an audio thing oh my god yeah because I
had yeah the set up the other thing yeah
easy audio this I guess we gotta find it
we all find the name we gotta find the
name
he's the king of complaining man I'm
trying to tell you I was telling on the
way over here my a man don't be weird
let's just hang out I'm gonna do my damn
date he put it back got do my time and
do my back it's like these muscles are
cramped up you're a goofball man you're
cool thing John I know cool that's cool
it's nonsense
yes sir mortals if you know he's a clam
appreciate you sir thank you very much
we're here Jamie's place when I'm yeah
sure yeah the first man much better yeah
you would look kid I was a little kid
everybody's yeah yeah yeah back in the
day man I was about sixty Wow
and once about 15 years ago 14 years ago
probably somewhere out there maybe more
than that even made more than yeah more
than that when I met you yeah yeah more
ladies yeah I'm probably doing the Wayne
brothers or something yeah yeah you were
yeah that's right what it was you were
at 40 Fran
yeah I'll be doing Friday doing Friday
the Wayans brothers yeah all that yeah
it's been a long time I thought man it's
amazing thank you you're hilarious
yeah that's we're doing yes I'm gonna do
it too just we gotta come up with a name
let me know I'll have you back on we
could just talk if your Twitter handle
you Instagram all that yeah yeah at JD
Witherspoon everywhere and if you want
to see those gaming videos it's a it's
run JD run on YouTube that's me and then
you got your joints at John Witherspoon
he thinks he's in a simulation I can't
he's in the matrix he might be the
Internet is the inners for the internet
is crazy to him but yeah john biebe john
witherspoon is the where your cooking
show is that on youtube just type in
John Witherspoon on the Internet JD
Witherspoon if you want to see some
goofy stuff we're here
thank you gentlemen thank you thanks for
having us